# Group Call, [11/11/2020].
## Details.
### Attendance.
  - Guennadi Maximov Cortés ([Dr. Jeff](https://forum.tosdr.org/u/dr_jeff/summary))
  - Justin René Back ([JustinBack](https://forum.tosdr.org/u/justinback/summary))
  - Evan Mullen ([Peepo](https://forum.tosdr.org/u/peepo/summary))
  - Michiel de Jong ([michielbdejong](https://forum.tosdr.org/u/michielbdejong/summary))
### Duration.
  - **1hr 30m**.
### Medium.
  - Jitsi.
## Summary.
During this call the following was discussed:
- Technical details regarding the API, the Phoenix Site and Justin's ToS Overhaul.
- Solved the concern about multiple brands' logos.
- Discussed the upcoming tosback Crawler overhaul.
