# Group Call, 11/10/2020.
- Callers: Guennadi (_Dr. Jeff_), Evan (_Peepo_), Justin (_JustinBack_).
- Made through: Discord.
- Duration: 1hr 30min, from 5:00 p.m. (UTC-6) to 6:30 p.m.
## Summary.
During this talk the following was discussed regarding ***ToS;DR***:
- Redesign of the entire https://tosdr.org website, including integration with PHP. (_Justin_)
- Issues regarding _Yandex_'s and _Blizzard_'s icons, and how legal it is for the Project to include their Brand Logos. (_Evan_)
- Review of the recent ToS;DR changes in both the [Website Repository](https://github.com/tosdr/tosdr.org) and the [Phoenix Site's Repository](https://github.com/tosdr/edit.tosdr.org). (_Justin_ and _Guennadi_)
- Spam on the Phoenix Site, particularly on [Topic 27](https://edit.tosdr.org/topics/27). (_Guennadi_)
- Planning the upcoming call the next day with Michiel.
